docs: mention about `name` field in flat config (#18252)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/configuration-files.md

Each configuration object contains all of the information ESLint needs to execute on a set of files. Each configuration object is made up of these properties:

> * `name` - An name for the configuration object. This is used in error messages and config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used. ([Naming Convention](#configuration-naming-conventions))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - A name for the configuration object. This is used in error messages and config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used. ([Naming Convention](#configuration-naming-conventions))
```

> * `name` - An name for the configuration object. This is used in error messages and config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used. ([Naming Convention](#convention-for-configuration-name))

Author: ```suggestion
* `name` - An name for the configuration object. This is used in error messages and config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used. ([Naming Convention](#configuration-naming-conventions))
```

For more information on how to combine predefined configs with your preferences, please see [Combine Configs](combine-configs).

> ### Convention for Configuration Name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configuration Naming Conventions
```

The `name` property is optional, but it is recommended to provide a name for each configuration object, especially when you are creating shared configurations. The name is used in error messages and the config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used.

> We recommend using a name that is descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configurations name or plugin name. Using `/` as the seperator. For example, if you are creating a configuration object for a plugin named `eslint-config-example`, you might name the configuration object `example/recommended`.

Reviewer 2: Normalizing the language a bit.
```suggestion
The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configurations name or plugin name. Using `/` as the seperator. For example, if you are creating a configuration object for a plugin named `eslint-plugin-example`, you might name the configuration object `example/recommended`.
```

Reviewer 2: This is specific to plugins, but there are three ways configs are created:

1. In plugins
2. In shareable configs `eslint-config-*`
3. In local config files (`eslint.config.js`)

If we are going to provide conventions, we should be sure to include these other use cases as well.

```js
export const recommanded = [
    {
        name: "example/recommended",
        rules: {
            "no-unused-vars": "warn"
        }
    }
]

export const strict = [
    {
        name: "example/strict",
        rules: {
            "no-unused-vars": "error"
        }
    }

> ]

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be a plugin? If so, we should use the same format we use in other plugin docs:

https://eslint.org/docs/next/extend/plugins#configs-in-plugins

Author: It seems we don't have a clear convention for the flat config style configures packages.

For example, `@eslint/js` exports a single configure object with default export:

```ts
import eslint from '@eslint/js`
```

While in some cases, `eslint-config-example` might want to expose multiple configs for different usage, should one use named exports, or nested in a single configs object?

```ts
import { recommended, strict } from 'eslint-config-example'
// or
import configs from 'eslint-config-example'
```

We also have cases like `typescript-eslint` that exposes a factory function (https://typescript-eslint.io/getting-started)

I am not sure if it's something we want to "control" or just let each package to decide, since it's just JavaScript now.

Here I was trying to demonstrate the second case - but I am up to change to any format that make more sense.

Reviewer 2: People can do whatever they want, that's the fun of flat config. :)

There is an issue open here to come up with recommendations:
https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/18095

I just think that if we are mentioning naming configs in plugins, then the code example should match other plugin documentation.

The `name` property is optional, but it is recommended to provide a name for each configuration object, especially when you are creating shared configurations. The name is used in error messages and the config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used.

The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configurations name or plugin name. Using `/` as the seperator. For example, if you are creating a configuration object for a plugin named `eslint-plugin-example`, you might add `name` to the configuration objects with the `example/` prefix:

```js
export default {
    configs: {

>         recommanded: {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        recommended: {
```

For more information on how to combine predefined configs with your preferences, please see [Combine Configs](combine-configs).

### Configuration Naming Conventions

The `name` property is optional, but it is recommended to provide a name for each configuration object, especially when you are creating shared configurations. The name is used in error messages and the config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used.

> The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configurations name or plugin name. Using `/` as the seperator. For example, if you are creating a configuration object for a plugin named `eslint-plugin-example`, you might add `name` to the configuration objects with the `example/` prefix:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configuration name or plugin name. Using `/` as the separator. For example, if you are creating a configuration object for a plugin named `eslint-plugin-example`, you might add `name` to the configuration objects with the `example/` prefix:
```

```js
export default {
    configs: {
        recommended: {
            name: "example/recommended",
            rules: {
                "no-unused-vars": "warn"
            }

>         },

Reviewer 3: What would be the convention if the configuration is an array of configuration objects? Would it be the same name for all configuration objects?

Author: Good point! I mentioned it here 8cccc58d91f14cd50e479dcc6ea4c99620f5f96f

Supposely the config inspector could have an indicator of duplicated names to help with that as well.

For more information on how to combine predefined configs with your preferences, please see [Combine Configs](combine-configs).

### Configuration Naming Conventions

> The `name` property is optional, but it is recommended to provide a name for each configuration object, especially when you are creating shared configurations. The name is used in error messages, and the config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `name` property is optional, but it is recommended to provide a name for each configuration object, especially when you are creating shared configurations. The name is used in error messages and the config inspector to help identify which configuration object is being used.
```

> The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configuration name or plugin name. Using `/` as the separator. ESLint does not enforce the names to be unique at runtime, but it is recommended that unique names be set to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The name should be descriptive of the configuration object's purpose and scoped with the configuration name or plugin name using `/` as a separator. ESLint does not enforce the names to be unique at runtime, but it is recommended that unique names be set to avoid confusion.
```
